=head1 NAME

Portable BBS

=head2 DESCRIPTION

C<Portable BBS> is very portable web application example.
You can learn how to create portable web application in C<Perl>.

This application have the following features.

=over 2

=item *

Embedded preforking web Server, you can start web application in a minute.

=item * 

Version controll system by L<Test::ModuleVersion>.
you can use whole C<CPAN> module.

Module setup is very easy.
This application use L<DBIx::Custom>, L<Validator::Custom>,
L<DBI>, and L<DBD::SQLite>.

=item *

Windows support. you can run this application on windows, not only linux/unix.

=back

=head1 Setup

Install some moudles.

  perl cpanm -l extlib Module::CoreList
  perl t/module.t list --fail | perl -Iextlib/lib/perl5 cpanm -L extlib

If you don't install all module try force install.

  perl t/module.t list --fail | perl -Iextlib/lib/perl5 cpanm -n -L extlib

=head1 Test

Run test to check setup is ok.

  prove t

If all test is passed, setup is ok.

=head1 Application management (Linux/Unix)

=head2 Start

  ./hypnotoad

Application start in back ground. Port is C<10000> by default.
If you change port, edit C<portablebbs.conf>.
See also L<Mojolicious> C<hypnotoad> command.

You can also restart application by same command.

=head2 Stop

  ./hypnotoad --stop

You can stop application by C<--stop> option.

=head1 Application management (Windows)

=head2 Start

  perl winstart.pl

Application start in back ground using L<Mojo::Server::Daemon>.
Port is C<10000> by default.

If you change port, pass some arguments.

  perl winstart.pl --listen=http://*:10000

This is same as L<Mojolicious::Command::daemon> command arguments.

If C<winstart.pl> fail for some bug, you can start application foreground

  set MOJO_MODE=production
  start perl script/portablebbs daemon --listen=http://*:10000

=head2 Stop

  perl winstop.pl

Application stop.

=head1 Application management (Developer)

=head2 Start

  ./morbo

Application is started in C<development> mode. port is C<3000> by default.

=cut
